hi YouTube so I'm sure most of you know
or I've heard of Vera Bradley if not
it's a company that's mean product is
like bags and purses and accessories
with this well-known pattern not only do
they make purses and stuff they also
make stationery jewelry luggage another
product they make is also wallets and
like change purses and stuff and there's
one specific kind of wallet that's one
of my favorites but this is not just any
wallet this is a person wallet at least
that's what i call it i think the
company calls it like a zip-around pouch
or something like that I don't even know
but it has space for credit cards or if
you're like me and don't have any credit
cards you can just put gift cards in it
well look I have to Dairy Queen gift
cards huh like so and it has space for
cash and then the other side it has a
little change first to change in it and
then on the outside it has a spot for
your driver's license which I don't have
you just like put a picture of myself in
and I don't know and then the other side
it has a spot for your phone see and it
has this handy little strap that you can
hang on your wrist yeah but overall it's
a great compact organized way to take
all your necessary things when you want
to go someplace and I love it because I
have a huge purse you can't even see my
face it's that big yeah I shouldn't drop
that but if I just want to take this
with all my necessary items with my
money and my gift cards and my change in
my ipod and my but that way I don't have
to like where I'm a huge price all day
which can get annoying lead to severe
back problems as well and if I do need
my purse to carry around other things
like
what's in here anyway jerem x sunglasses
notebook CPR reminders yeah but if I
need my purse to carry these other
things are like a book or I don't know
other larger stuff and just stick this
in here and it'll just be my wallet and
it has everything I need already in the
wallet and I can just add my extra stuff
to it it's a great stylish alternative
to a purse when you just need something
small if you're going to be going to
wear for a long time or even if you're
just going in a quick trip I should have
enjoyed it since I got it i think it's
worth money i actually didn't pay full
price for it because i got it at a
consignment stores actually only ten
dollars i mean it's in great condition
of course it comes in lots of different
colors and patterns and styles and stuff
but thanks for watching bye